A trading system is a precise set of rules that automatically defines,
 without any human discretionary intervention,
 the entry and the exit on the markets.
Rules should be precise, so trading system can be statistically testable.
We can figure out how the system performed in the past and
 how it could perform in the future with a certain degree of confidence.
After money management rule and a portfolio rule,
 which define entry and exit on the market then you have a "trading strategy" or,
 a completely automatic approach to the markets, given a starting capital.

Money management means "how much" to invest on a particular trade,
 or position sizing or how many shares to buy and sell.
Construction of portfolio of systems on uncorrelated price series,
 then money management is foremost what we should deal with.
Risk management means where to place an initial stop loss or a target price and so on.

Develop and implement a trading system needs a software that easily performs
 all the programming and testing facilities and goes directly to the market
 without any interference by the user.
You could have algorithmic trading signals provided by a computer,
 but not automatically place them on the markets.
The main hindrance for the trading system user is to produce trading signals
 that he is not mentally fit to place in the marketplace.
Automated trading platform which automatically trades the mechanical signals
 produced by the trading system is thus a major advance.

The trader has a predefined set of rules that are applied discretionally
 in order to enter of exit the market, without any testing process
 and without any automation of orders,
 and resting on a final judgement if and when to enter or exit the market,
 that set of rules is "trading methodology".
A "trading methodology" always involves a bit of judgement and discretion.
If past behaviour of the trading methodology is analyzed with statistical tests,
 and all the signals are equally placed on the market,
 it is more of a "trading system".

The term "quantitative trading" conveys an idea of something scientific and
 seems to take for granted that a trading system must be a long series of rules,
 programmed in a complicated way.
Salesman know very well that complexity raises price.
But, complexity also raises the probability that a trading system will fail in the real world.
There is no approach more false than this.

Trading system could be very easy in their logical implementation.
To rely on your own trading decisions on something "easy" will not reduce your success probability.
On the contrary, it will increase it.

On the way to success, a lot will be done by
 - money management
 - portfolio construction
 - risk management
 - time frame.

So, do not be worried when you examine a trading formula that is simple and produce an
 equity line that appears unexicting. because you need to always reason under the portfolio constraint.
It must be clear from the very beginning that a mediocre trading system
 - if applied to a portfolio of markets - will easily produce a good looking equity line.

A huge economic literature shows without any doubt that
 just a few percent of traders are able to beat the market year after year.
Most of both the retail and institutional traders sooner or later will go bust.
If you do not belong to the lucky category of winning discretionary traders,
 then the "only option" for you in order to survive is the use of trading system.
Successful discretionary traders are intuitively blessed
 and are unconsciously able to predict the market moves with their gut feeling.
On the contrary, there are many successful money managers, institutional and retail traders
 that profit from predetermined trading strategies and investing methodologies.
But it would be misleading to think that a trading system could easily overcome
 all the hindrances trading creates.
A trading system from one side could help the trader to beat the market
 but from the other side will create a new set of problemss
 that a discretionary trader does not know.

First of all, if the trader has problems in terms of courage and have difficulty in pulling the trigger,
 trading system will not be the ultimate solution.
Like Larry Williams says, 'trading systems work, systme traders do not'.
There is no bigger infamy for a systematic trader than not to take a signal, as Bill Eckhardt wrote:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you make a bad trade, you have money management,
 you have a whole bunch of things that will come to your aid,
 and you're really not in so much trouble if you make a bad trade.
But if you miss a good trade, there's really nowhere to turn.
If you miss good trades with any regularity, you're finished, you're doomed in this game.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Second, in order to trust a trading system, especially during gloom periods
 when drawdown will erase the trader's confidence in the trading system's capabilities,
 you really need to do a huge amount of research and statistical work
 that not everybody is able to do.
To develop, implement, test and evaluate a trading system is not an everyday job.

Finally, many of the drawbacks that affect discrretionary trading still affect systematic trading,
 e.g. lack of sufficient starting capital,
 possibility to diversify the portfolio,
 fulltime, 24-hour, dedication.

More importantly, we can say that trading is not a rational enterprise.
It is not an activity where you can, given some premises, arrive
 at a unique conclusion or where everything could be explained in a logical way.
Fear and greed manipulate prices in a way that the human mind is unable to grasp.
There are of course some fortunate discretinary traders that can beat the market
 with gut feeling but in these instances they do not often manage to fully explain
 why they buy and sell.
If all this is true, the consequence would be that you need a tool that is not rational,
 and not logical to enter and exit the market, something that you could not fully understand,
 something that is counterintuitive.
Usually the signals that you believe to be illogical or simply prone to failure wil be the big winners.

To use a mechanical trading system meas that you need to discard widely held beliefs about finance
 and over all discard the "feel-good" approach to trading.
Everybody usually feels comfortable buying dips and uncomfortable buying the highest high,
 but it may be the case that just the latter methodology is the good one.
Testing a trading system could mean being forced by the brutal power of numbers
 to a trading  attitude where you do not feel at ease.
To be a fully mechanical trader means, in conclusion, to use violence against yourself.
This is the only way to profits, unless you are one of the fortunate gun slingers
 that make money day after day and do not even know how.

The essence of technical analysis is statistical inference.
It attempts to discover generalisations from historical data in the form of
 patterns, rules and so forth and then extrapolate them to the future.
  - statistical inference
 - functional relationships among variables

Hypothetic-deductive (연역적 추리 가설) method.
1. Observation
 : Through continuous observation, the system developer devises a relationship among variables.
2. Hypothesis
 : The system developer understands that the relationship he hypothesises is
    not due to the particular nature of the sample,
    but common to the majority of the samples he can deduct from the whole population of data.
3. Prediction
 : Construct the prediction (or conditional proposition) which tell us
    what should be observed in a new set of  observations if the hypothesis is indeed true.
   (quoted from "Evidence-Based Technical Analysis")
4. Verification
 : The system developer verifies if the prediction holds true in a new set of observations.
5. Conclusion
 : Through the use of statistical inference tools such as confidence intervals and hypothesis tests,
   the system developer will decide if the hypothesis is true of false weighing
   whether new observation will confirm the predictions.

The same method is used in applied sciences like chemistry or biology.
